Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to do a record of what we did in the previous lecture, but before then
you can see the account has been successfully been created and you can see we have now the users collection
and now we have the user and each user is being connected to this user's collection.
And for now we have just one user or we have just one documents or we have just one file.
In other words, you can refer to each user as a document or a file.
So for the now, we have just one file.
Okay?
Now we are going to do a record of what we did in the previous lecture.
First of all, over here we had an E statement and we are basically saying if the fields are not empty,
that is if the fields are filled.
And then only we want to create a user.
And over here we are simply storing or saving the result in a variable called creed.
And remember, this creed has access to all the user's property, such as the UID of the user and even
the email address of the user.
Over here we can as well say prints.
Creed.
Dot.
User dots.
Email.
You can see.
So we also do have access to the email address of the user.
And over here we then want to create the user ID faster.
First of all, we're first we created a collection called Users and we are saying we want to create
a document or we want to create a user that has this fields that is the full name, the email.
Right.
And remember I said this user are going to be connected.
So this is a collection based on something known as UID.
So we are using the auto generated id uid of the user or via and that is what you're basically saying
over here.
Now let's compare this and once we have.
Yeah.
You can see why.
For l.
Y4 sl.
So basically using this ID.
Over.
Yeah.
Okay.
So last time.
We said if the streets are not empty, we want to create a user with the email password, restored the
results and a variable called Create, which is the type of user credential.
And this is basically the short form of credential, but we just called it screed and over here we created
a collection called The Users and we are saying we want to create.
A user.
Remember the doc is referring to the user or is referring to the fae.
Right.
Okay.
So we are saying we want to create a user that has the full name and the email field as well.
You can have more users, so you can just change the email address to something else and click on sign
up.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.